Update amendments.md (#1423)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/consensus-network/amendments/amendments.md

## Amendment Process

> Every 256th ledger is called a "flag" ledger. The process of approving an amendment starts in the ledger version immediately before the flag ledger. When `rippled` validator servers send validation messages for that ledger, those servers also submit votes in favor of specific amendments. If a validator does not vote in favor of an amendment, the server uses a default vote which is defined in the source code. ([Fee Voting](fee-voting.html) also occurs around flag ledgers.) [Updated in: rippled 1.8.1][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every 256th ledger is called a "flag" ledger. The process of approving an amendment starts in the ledger version immediately before the flag ledger. When `rippled` validator servers send validation messages for that ledger, those servers also submit votes in favor of specific amendments. If a validator does not vote in favor of an amendment, that is the same as voting against the amendment. However, the `rippled` reference implementation has a default vote for each known amendment, which determines how a validator votes on any amendment for which that validator does not have an explicit configuration. ([Fee Voting](fee-voting.html) also occurs around flag ledgers.) [Updated in: rippled 1.8.1][]
```

Reviewer 2: I like this one better @Silkjaer

Author: That's also fine for me, I just didn't like the somewhat opposite statements in the documentation.
